chore(docs): updated `CONTRIBUTING.md` guide (#3282)
garden-io/garden: CONTRIBUTING.md

adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and work with us to make the collaboration and
community productive and fun for everyone :)

### How to report an issue

> If you have found a bug, or need to submit a feature request, or suggest any other change, please create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have found a bug, or want to submit a feature request, or suggest any other change, please create
```

a [new issue](https://github.com/garden-io/garden/issues/new/choose).

If you report a bug, please describe the steps to reproduce it. You can share the complete Garden configuration of your

> project (without any code included) with us by running `garden get debug-info` command. It will produce a single archive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project (without any code included) with us by running the `garden get debug-info` command. It will produce a single archive
```

> with the directory structure of your project and all Garden configuration files. That can be very helpful for us to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that matches the directory structure of your project, but contains only your Garden configuration files. This can be very helpful for us to
```

> debug the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reproduce and fix the issue.
```
